1) Which of the following is a false statement?

A. Software testing can show the presence of bugs, but not their absence
B. Exhaustive software testing is intractable
C. Finding all bugs is uncomputable
* D. Solving the software testing problem is equivalent to finding a way to
execute a piece of software will all possible inputs 

2) Which of the following is the most "mature" view of Software Testing, according
to Beizer?

A. The purpose of software testing is to show that software doesn't work
B. There's no difference between testing and debugging
* C. Testing is a mental discipline that helps all IT professional develop
higher quality software
D. The purpose of software testing is not to show anything in particular, but to
reduce the risk of using software

3) In the context of Software Testing, RIP stands for:

A. Rest In Peace
* B. Reachability, Infection, Propagation
C. Revealability, Infection, Propagation
D. Runability, Infection, Propagation

4) Which of the following is a true statement?

A. Failures and Test Failures mean the same thing
B. Testing and Debugging are the same thing
C. Bugs, faults, and failures are all the same thing
* D. A test set and a test suite mean the same thing

5) A test case has four ingredients:

1. The inputs necessary to put the software into the appropriate state for
testing
2. The actual test case values
3. The expected results of the test
4. Reset of the system state

Which of the four ingredients may not be required in every case?

A. 1 only
* B. 1 and 4
C. 4 only
D. 1, 3, and 4

6) In RIPR, the second 'R' could be satisfied by

A. Performing Regression Testing
* B. An assertion examining the right part of a program's output
C. A test using an input that reaches a fault in the program 
D. Relaying the output of a program to a test oracle

7) Consider the following statements:

1. Faults of omission are caused by missing tests
2. Faults of commission are when the program code goes beyond its requirements 
3. Since programmers write program code, they are ultimately the ones at fault for software
bugs
4. Some types of test are better at detecting faults of omission, some are
better at detecting faults of commission 

Which of the above statements are true?

* A. 2 and 4 only
B. 1, 3 and 4
C. All of them
D. 2 and 3 only

8) Which of the following types of testing is NOT a formal part of the V-Model?

A. Acceptance Testing
B. System Testing
C. Module Testing
*D. Regression Testing

